CPU bursting info (#138)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/deploy-resource-allocation.adoc

When a Mule application is deployed to Runtime Fabric, the application is deployed with its own Mule runtime engine (Mule). The number of replicas, or instances of that application and runtime, are also specified. The resources available for each replica are determined by the values you set when deploying an application.

> The performance information provided in this topic is based on a Runtime Fabric cluster with controller nodes using AWS EC2 M4 instances. M4 instances feature a custom Intel Xeon E5-2676 v3 Haswell processor optimized specifically for EC2. They run at a base clock rate of 2.4 GHz, and can go as high as 3.0 GHz with Intel Turbo Boost. The load generator used was hosted on a separate AWS instance in the same region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance information provided is based on a Runtime Fabric cluster with controller nodes using AWS EC2 M4 instances. M4 instances feature a custom Intel Xeon E5-2676 v3 Haswell processor optimized specifically for EC2. The instances run at a base clock rate of 2.4 GHz, and can go as high as 3.0 GHz with Intel Turbo Boost. The load generator used is hosted on a separate AWS instance in the same region.
```

Author: Updates applied as needed.

You can allocate the following resources when deploying an application:

* vCPU cores

> ** `Reserved vCPU` - the amount of vCPU guaranteed to the application and reserved for its use.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY break list items and steps following the first sentence or fragment of text, to enhance scannability (the purpose of the format).
You can also use a definition list; see the style ref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `Reserved vCPU`
The amount of vCPU guaranteed to the application and reserved for its use
```

Author: Updates applied as needed.

> ** `vCPU Limit` - the maximium amount of vCPU the application can use (the level to which it can burst). This is shared CPU on the worker node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `vCPU Limit`
The maximum amount of vCPU the application can use (the level to which it can burst). This is shared CPU on the worker node. 
```

Author: Updates applied as needed.

* Memory

> == vCPU Allocation

Reviewer: ORG:
Be sure that this topic is introduced in the text of its container topic.
Be sure that this topic is basically parallel with and a peer of other topics at this level.
Be sure that this topic text introduces any subtopics that it contains.

Author: Updates applied as needed.

> When the Reserved vCPU and vCPU limit are equal, the CPU on the worker node is allocated in a guaranteed model. The container always has the specified amount of CPU available. The vCPU is reserved for each replica of the application and is guaranteed regardless of what else is running on the Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the reserved vCPU limit and vCPU limit are equal, the CPU on the worker node is allocated in a guaranteed model. The container always has the specified amount of CPU available. The vCPU is reserved for each replica of the application and is guaranteed regardless of what else is running on Runtime Fabric.
```

Author: Updates applied as needed.

> Guaranteed CPU allocation allows applications to perform consistently by ensuring there is no CPU contention between other applications. It gives guaranteed performance in all cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guaranteed CPU allocation allows an application to perform consistently by ensuring that there is no CPU contention with another application. It guarantees consistent performance in all cases.
```

> When the `vCPU Limit` is set to a higher value than the `Reserved vCPU`, the application can burst up to the either the vCPU limit value or the amount of unreserved vCPU on the worker node, which ever is lesser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the value of `vCPU Limit` is set  higher than the value of `Reserved vCPU`, the application can burst up to either the vCPU limit value or the amount of unreserved vCPU on the worker node, whichever is less.
```

When using CPU bursting, you must consider the following factors:

> * CPU Bursting Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CPU bursting limitations
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ** Minimum reserve: 0.02 vCPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The minimum reserve is 0.02 vCPU.
```
List item parallelism (all complete sentences)

> ** Minimum limit: 0.07 vCPU. This aligns with the minimum for Runtime Fabric v1.3 and earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The minimum limit is 0.07 vCPU.
This aligns with the minimum for Runtime Fabric v1.3 and earlier.
```

** The CPU limit is bounded by the CPU cores provided on the worker nodes.

> ** The maximum suggested utilization per CPU core is 20 - 25 simple apps and API gateways. More complex apps that are frequently used should get more capacity. When the minimum reserve and minimum limit are specified, this provides approximately .5 cores to share across all apps when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The maximum suggested utilization per CPU core is 20 to 25 simple apps and API gateways. 
More complex, frequently used apps should get more capacity. Specifying the minimum reserve and minimum limit provides approximately .5 cores to share across all apps when needed.
```

> * Runtime Fabric runs a small amount of services on worker nodes. These services consume between 0.3 and 0.5 cores, depending on whether log forwarding is enabled for Anypoint Monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Runtime Fabric runs a small number of services on worker nodes. 
These services consume between 0.3 and 0.5 cores, depending on whether log forwarding is enabled for Anypoint Monitoring.
```

> * CPU contention. With CPU bursting, applications can compete for a shared resource- the unallocated CPU remaining on the worker node. As more apps are deployed on a worker node, each app has less unallocated CPU to share with other nodes, apps can suffer from poor performance due to not getting enough CPU. The following strategies can be considered for minimizing CPU contention with your applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CPU contention must be minimized.
With CPU bursting, applications can compete for a shared resource: the unallocated CPU remaining on the worker node. As more apps are deployed on a worker node, each app has less unallocated CPU to share with other nodes, and apps can suffer from poor performance due to not getting enough CPU. The following strategies can be considered for minimizing CPU contention with your applications:
```

> ** Deploy intensive nightly batch applications with API that have peak load during the day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Deploy intensive nightly batch applications with APIs that have peak load during the day.
```

> ** Deploy multiple replicas of an application so that they are distributed across worker nodes to maximize the surface area for the unallocated CPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Deploy multiple replicas of an application so that they are distributed across worker nodes to maximize the surface area for the unallocated CPU.
```

+

> Regardless of what approach is chosen, make sure you run tests to validate performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of which approach you choose, make sure that you run tests to validate performance.
```

* The number of replicas and the CPU and memory configuration do not change dynamically, so there is no horizontal or vertical autoscaling. 
* To achieve high availability with deployed applications, deploy multiple replicas. 

> * When sizing your worker nodes, make sure to keep your CPU usage in compliance with your Mule license. Mule licensing is based upon the amount of CPU cores Mule apps and API gateways have access to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When sizing your worker nodes, make sure to keep your CPU usage in compliance with your MuleSoft license.
MuleSoft licensing is based upon the amount of CPU cores that Mule apps and API gateways have access to use. 
```

> == Minimum Core and Memory Requirements

Reviewer: ORG:
Be sure that this topic is introduced in the text of its container topic.
Be sure that this topic is basically parallel with and a peer of other topics at this level.
Be sure that this topic text introduces any subtopics that it contains.

The minimum values for the amount of CPU and memory allocated to each replica of a Mule application are:

* vCPU Cores: 0.07 cores
* Memory: 0.7 GiB memory (Mule 4) or 0.5 GiB (Mule 3)

> == Calculating Memory Allocation on CloudHub and Runtime Fabric

Reviewer: ORG:
Be sure that this topic is introduced in the text of its container topic.
Be sure that this topic is basically parallel with and a peer of other topics at this level.
Be sure that this topic text introduces any subtopics that it contains.
